Update docs for vibe coding (#755)
Azure/telescope: docs/contribute.md

# Contribute a Test Scenario

> ## Step 1: Add Test Setup

Reviewer: 1. We could request to created a README file to describe the purpose of the test and overview of the infrastructure.
2. We could mention that we don't need to create multiple scenario folders for different infrastructure variances of the same benchmark. Instead, we should use pipelines configurations (matrix) to define the different options.

> - [scenarios](../scenarios) is the directory where we organize infrastructure setup for different tests. There are 2 type of scenarios: `perf-eval` and `issue-repro`. Most tests fall under the category of `perf-eval`.

Reviewer 2: Can we also include `SCENARIO_TYPE` that will be added to pipeline definition along with Scenario name?

> - Create a folder for your test under [scenarios/perf-eval](../scenarios/perf-eval). Your folder name should match value of `SCENARIO_NAME`, which is used in the final yaml file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create a folder for your test under [scenarios/perf-eval](../scenarios/perf-eval). Your folder name should match value of `SCENARIO_NAME`, which is used in the pipeline definition YAML file.
```

- Your folder should contain 2 subfolders:
    - `terraform-inputs`: contains `.tfvars` file to specify how to set up resources
    - `terraform-test-inputs`: contains `.json` file to used in validating Terraform custom input
- Specific details on what to put in `.tfvars` file can be found in folder [terraform](../modules/terraform) for corresponding provider.

## Step 2: Add Test Engine

- We highly encourage re-using or extending the existing Python modules for new test cases if possible. All existing test engines can be found under the folder [python](../modules/python). If you need to add a new test engine, you need to implement it under the folder [engine](../steps/engine) so it can be used in the pipeline definition YAML file.
- 

> ## Step 3: Add Test Topology

Reviewer: I miss a description of what we expect in the Topology.  To be honest, it's not still clear to me the purpose of this folder. Apart from some additional setups, that are not supported by terraform (e.g. kubectl apply, etc), I normally only pass through the topology to the engine folders.
